Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[mellow guitar music]
♪ ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[gun clicking]
♪ ♪
[music intensifies]
[gunshot]
[light instrumental music]
♪ ♪
[light instrumental finale]
[low mysterious music]
Hey!
Performers only.
I'm sorry. I was just on my
way out after magic class
and I heard the gunshot.
Sorry but you know the rules.
Rehearsals are off limits.
even for students.
Yeah. of course.
Sorry.
♪ ♪
[computer keys clacking]
Can I help you?
I think this is where
I'm supposed to be. I'm Reed.
- the new crime reporter.
- Hi. I'm Tess.
the crossword puzzle editor.
It's nice to meet you.
The brilliant Tess Harper.
Wow. it's a pleasure.
I don't know if brilliant
is the word I would use.
Come on. solving
crosswords and crimes?
- Well. impressive works too.
- Impressive I can live with.
Thanks.
Ah...
Is something wrong?
I'll take this.
Thanks.
I'm sorry. It's just... that was
my friend Harris's.
I heard about him. Sounds
like Harris was quite a guy.
Yeah.
He was a good friend.
- Sorry.
- Well. welcome.
- Here you go.
- Thank you. Josephine.
Meet Reed.
He's taking over the crime beat.
This is my fearless
assistant. Josephine.
[both] Nice to meet you.
The Magic Manor called.
The tables seat eight.
you do have room for
one more guest tonight.
The Magic Manor? I thought you
had to be a member to get in.
Or a student.
I've been taking magic classes.
It's partly for a crossword
puzzle I'm doing on magic.
I thought it would be a fun
place to spend my birthday
- after my class tonight.
- Wow. Happy Birthday!
That does sound like fun.
I've always wanted to go there.
- Do you want to join us?
- No. I don't want to impose.
Oh. no. really.
You know what? You're coming.
Thanks.
That sounds great.
- I'll make the call.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
We show the audience one ball.
Or are there two?
The use of duplicate objects
is essential to deception.
The audience sees one ball
but the magician has
secretly hidden the other.
The result...
...is that it can change places.
[soft laughter]
Excuse me for one moment.
Come on. it's one favour
and that's it.
Fine. but after this.
no more favours.
Yeah. yeah. I won't
ask again. Thank you.
♪ ♪
Bianca. I'd like a glass
from the kitchen. please?
- Of course.
- Thank you.
[knocking]
Ah.
Good.
[low background music]
Tess. Tess. right this way.
Oh. Mr. Drexler.
I'll be with you.
if you...
wouldn't mind just....
Oh. there she is.
the birthday girl!
Hi. honey.
Happy birthday. sweetheart.
Oh. thank you.
So. I remember.
you had a magician
for your 10th birthday.
and now. look. voila.
you've got the whole
Magic Manor this time!
I've got you all set up.
Your seat's right there.
the seat of honour.
Perfect. Thank you guys
so much for coming.
Are you kidding? I've been
so curious about this place
ever since you started
taking classes here.
In fact. I didn't tell you.
but I went to a benefit
for the Magic Manor last week
at my friend Ethel Matthews'.
They're raising money for
a Museum of Magic.
- Hello.
- Logan! Hi.
I'm glad you could make it.
Thanks for inviting me.
Well. your aunt invited me.
And this is for
the birthday girl.
You did not have
to bring a present.
Let's not get too excited.
You haven't opened it yet.
This is so nice.
♪ ♪
Is this a crossword puzzle?
- Let me guess. you hate it.
- It's beautiful.
No. I... I love it.
OK. I can breathe.
Good. yeah.
Is there a polygraph machine
around here?
Stop it. This is so cute.
- Here. let me help you.
- Yeah. if you don't mind.
Ah. there we go.
- Thank you. It's...
- Happy Birthday!
- Oh. Mike. wow. Thank you!
- Flowers.
That's. uh. that's beautiful.
- Wow. you look...
- How you doing. buddy?
- I'm Logan.
- It's a pleasure.
Detective Logan O'Connor. NYPD.
Great. I'm sure we'll cross
paths sooner or later.
Reed is our new crime
reporter. He just started today.
- Oh. congrats.
- Thanks.
- So. how was your class?
- What class?
Oh. I'm actually
studying magic here.
It's close-up magic.
sleight-of-hand.
What?
Are you surprised?
The only thing surprising
with you would be no surprises.
[laughing]
Well. cheers. Happy birthday.
Cheers.
Thank you.
Happy birthday.
Welcome. ladies and gentlemen.
to the Magic Manor...
[applause]
...where every velvet
curtain hides a secret.
Built in 1921.
it served as a speakeasy
during Prohibition.
Here.
What's in there?
Just something
I've been working on.
Are we ready?
[sighs]
Showtime.
And tonight. we're going to see
some real magic
courtesy of
the Amazing Alistair.
and his magnificent
assistant. Bianca!
[applause and cheering]
Thank you.
Thank you. Bianca.
[applause continues]
Ladies and gentlemen.
The line between reality and
illusion is dangerously thin.
and it's a danger that's
created by our confidence
that we understand
what is happening
right in front of our eyes.
And yet we think we know
what will happen next.
So a magic trick.
all it is. pure and simple.
is a surprise ending.
Now. could I have a volunteer?
Ah.
Thank you for volunteering.
Now could you join me on stage?
- Wow. What's your name?
- Josephine.
Josephine. I want you
to look me directly in the eyes.
OK. and I want you to tell me
something special
about your watch.
but before you do.
raise your arm
and show it to everyone.
Everyone see the watch?
OK. Josephine.
now tell me something special
about your watch.
Uh. it helps me
get to work on time.
She's late every day.
Now. I need you to tell me
the exact time.
Josephine.
did you lose your watch?
[applause]
Don't worry.
We're going to get this back.
One. two. three.
What time is it?
[applause]
I mean. how did he do that?
Josephine. everyone.
[cheering]
Well done.
[heels clacking]
[slow suspenseful music]
This is a.357 caliber pistol.
by all accounts.
a deadly weapon.
I'm going to entrust it to my
magnificent assistant. Bianca.
This is a.357 caliber bullet.
Now. I need someone to volunteer
from the audience
to write anything
they'd like on it.
Now. I believe someone
is having a birthday.
- Right here.
- No.
Please.
[applause]
Come on. go!
Thank you for joining us.
What is your name?
- Tess Harper.
Tess Harper. I want you
to write anything you'd like
- on this bullet.
- OK. um...
- All done?
- Yes.
"T.H."
Is that correct?
- Yes.
- Thank you very much.
Round of applause.
[audience applauds]
Now. for the first time.
I will be performing
the infamous Bullet Catch.
It is a trick so dangerous
that 12 people
have perished attempting it.
My assistant Bianca
will fire a live bullet
straight at me.
and I will catch it in my teeth.
♪ ♪
I will load the gun.
[suspenseful music]
Now. Bianca will fire
the bullet.
through this pane of glass.
that will shatter.
and I will catch it in my mouth.
Now. please do not attempt this
at home. ladies and gentlemen.
Only those of us
versed in the arts of magic
are skilled enough
to make this happen.
[intense drumming]
[deep sigh]
Bianca?
[gunshot]
[audience gasps]
[chattering]
[horrified gasp]
Was that the trick or not?
Alistair? Is there
a doctor in the house?
- Yes. yes.
- Please.
He's not breathing.
Please help him.
We've got a 10-10
at the Magic Manor.
Everyone. if I can have
your attention. please.
My name is Detective
Logan O'Connor. NYPD.
I would like everybody
to just stay calm. relaxed.
exit the theater and go wait
in the lobby. Thank you.
Did she just shoot him?
No. no. these tricks
are all illusions.
I just don't know
how this one works.
But clearly something
went very wrong.
- Doctor?
- Cohen.
I don't see a bullet wound.
What do you think happened?
I don't know. I'm sorry.
there's nothing else I can do.
He's dead.
Ok. EMTs are on their way.
Thank you.
If everyone could
just remain calm.
the lights will come back up
in a moment.
- Do you have a backup system?
- Yeah. right this way.
[nervous chattering]
♪ ♪
Are you OK?
Hey. everything's
going to be OK.
- What's your name?
- Bianca.
I'm Candace. Honey.
you're just shaking.
Let's sit you down.
I'll get you a sweater. OK?
- Take my jacket.
- No. I'm OK.
Look at me.
You're in shock. It takes
a while to process
this kind of traumatic event.
Just breathe.
That detective.
he. uh. said
he wants to talk to me.
Detective O'Connor?
Don't worry.
He's not as scary as he looks.
I'll go with you.
What's the situation?
A magician collapsed
onstage. midperformance. Dead.
- And you just happened to be...
- I just happened to be here
because it was Tess's birthday.
We're friends. You know that.
I need you to get some prints
on the lighting controls
and the fuse box
around the corner.
[police radio chatter]
[low sombre music]
He taught me everything.
He was my mentor and...
I'm so sorry.
Is there anything
I can do to help?
No. unfortunately.
Thank you.
Here. I want to
give you my card.
If you think of anything.
please call.
- Thank you.
- [Logan] Thank you. Tess.
- I'll take it from here.
- Take care.
I'm sorry but I'm going
to have obviously ask you
a couple of questions. OK?
I'd like you to take me
through the trick from top to
bottom. how it all went down.
Did anything happen
out of the ordinary?
Alistair had a drink
before we went on.
He never did that.
And how did everything
go onstage?
The usual. so it seemed.
Maybe his hand was shaking
when he loaded the gun.
I'm sorry. Detective.
Can I go to my dressing room?
I don't feel well.
Sure. Um. Winton.
I'm gonna get a couple officers
to escort you to your room. OK?
I left that door locked.
OK. wait.
I'll need an evidence team in
the dressing room right away.
Someone's been in here.
♪ ♪
Hey. Can I talk
to you for a sec?
Of course.
So much for being
off the clock. huh?
- [Logan]: Are you doing OK?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
I just... I don't understand
what happened.
I saw them rehearse
the trick last night.
Listen. Tess. how long have
you been taking classes here?
Just a couple of weeks.
And have you noticed
anything... unusual?
Um... No.
Today. Alistair and Cormac.
who's my magic teacher.
they were arguing during my
class. Alistair wanted a favour.
- What kind of favour?
- I don't know.
Cormac agreed but he said
it was the last time.
It seemed like there was
some recent history there.
OK. when you were
onstage tonight with Alistair.
did you notice anything
out of the ordinary at all?
I did notice after he made
Josephine's watch reappear.
he kind of lurched forward
and his voice
was a little slurred.
Could he have been
intoxicated? Having a stroke?
When you were onstage. did you
notice anything at all strange?
No. I mean. there were
beads of sweat
on his forehead. but it's hot
up there with those lights.
I know. Look. I need you to
go home and get some rest.
- Do not get involved.
- No. I know.
All right.
Well. you know where
to find me if I can help.
Though I am not helping.
Good answer.
Uh. Tess?
I'm sorry the night
ended like this.
Happy Birthday.
Thanks.
[low suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Hi.
Hey. So. the guy catches
a bullet in his mouth.
but something else kills him?
Yeah. I researched the trick.
Obviously. he didn't catch
a bullet in his mouth.
What he did do. was he took
an actual bullet like this
and onstage he went over to Tess
and he said. "Can you sign
this bullet with your initials?"
Now we have a marked bullet.
He takes this marked bullet
and puts it in between his teeth
like this. so the audience
can see that this is how
he's gonna catch the bullet.
He takes the marked bullet. puts
it in the barrel of the gun.
But the marked bullet
isn't in the barrel.
It's a bullet made of wax.
This. the marked bullet.
is still in his mouth.
Not bad. Wasn't there
a pane of glass
that proved that
the assistant fired the gun?
Yeah. there was a pane of glass
but the spray of
the liquid wax was enough force
- to shatter the glass.
- Clever.
So. after he collapsed.
where was the real bullet?
When he collapsed. the bullet
fell right out of his mouth.
It was next to him onstage.
That bullet didn't kill him.
Nervous shock from
the blast. maybe a heart attack?
We don't know.
We're waiting on the autopsy.
[phone ringing]
Hold on.
O'Connor.
Really?
OK. do me a favour.
Get that to forensics right now.
All right. appreciate it.
buddy. Thanks.
Ballistics just called.
They found a chemical
residue on the bullet
that was found in his mouth...
Could be poison.
♪ ♪
That was a late night.
Yeah. And then
I couldn't sleep.
just trying to figure out
what went wrong with the trick.
And thinking about Bianca.
I mean. she was in such a state.
I didn't sleep much either.
I've reported on homicides
but I've actually never been
a witness to a murder before.
Do you really
think Alistair was murdered?
That's just my initial take.
But a death on stage
in front of a packed house?
That's hard to pull off.
It is. isn't it?
Is it too late for me
to sign up for magic class?
It would be a good angle
into the story.
A crime reporter snooping around
I don't know. I think people
are gonna be suspicious.
But I can tell you anything
I see. I'll fill you in.
You're still
going to take classes?
With what's just happened. do
you think that's a good idea?
I just think that there's more
to know about Alistair's death.
I'll be careful.
- Detective Logan.
- Yo.
Alistair McLean's sister.
Claire McLean.
- identified the body.
- Do you have her information?
Her number. and address
in Queens. Cause of death
was a toxic dose of a fish toxin
called tetrodotoxin.
After the first effects of
dizziness. nausea and shaking.
he would have
lost consciousness.
become paralyzed
and then the big sleep.
Forensics found traces of
the toxin on the scotch glass.
Whatever he drank
must have left a residue
on the bullet after
he put it in his mouth.
Bianca's the only one who was
with him before the show.
so she'd have access
to the bottle and the glass.
All right. thanks.
I appreciate it.
♪ ♪
Thanks again
for lending this to me.
Of course.
How are you holding up?
I'm OK.
but I just couldn't
stay at home alone. you know?
I understand.
It feels better to get out
and do something.
- anything.
- Yeah.
Do you want me to maybe help
you put all this back together?
That would
be great. Thanks.
I hope your detective friend
figures out what's going on.
Yeah. Me too.
You and Alistair?
Yeah.
We used to be together.
I know. work and romance
is a bad idea.
But everything
seemed to be going great.
until I told him that I
wanted to be a headliner. too.
And then?
He wasn't so interested then.
Let's just say he wanted
the spotlight all to himself.
I still cared about him.
I just wish Sinclair
hadn't convinced him
- to do the Bullet Catch trick.
- Who is Sinclair?
[knocking]
Logan! Hi.
- What are you doing here?
- My job. You?
I was just
getting my jacket back.
Because I'm sure
that's the only one you have.
Well. it is my
only black one. so...
Right. right.
Can I talk to you?
Of course.
- Take care.
- Thanks again.
I'm worried
about you being here.
How many times
do I have to hear your
"Tess. stay out of
police business" speech?
As long as you
keep disregarding it.
You're like a paper printing
the same puzzle day after day.
Tess. this is a
homicide investigation.
- So it's official?
- Yes. it's official.
And I can't have you
walking around...
I'm not in danger with Bianca.
That attitude is gonna
put you precisely in danger!
There are ways of knowing things
other than just
forensic evidence.
I thought your class
was teaching you
sleight-of-hand.
not mind reading.
I'm talking about an emotional
connection. Intuition?
A magician has to read the
audience to make a trick work.
You have to know
what someone is thinking
in order to make them
believe a story you're telling.
Yeah. I know you magicians
are good at manipulation.
Which you seem
to be doing right now.
Fine.
I'll be careful. I promise.
- Really?
- But there's one thing.
Do you remember interviewing
a woman in a gold dress
with sequins from the audience?
No. I don't remember
a woman in a gold dress
with sequins
in the audience. no.
She walked across the lobby.
she walked up the stairs
and then... Police business.
though. I know.
- Just wanted to mention it.
- Consider it mentioned.
All right.
♪ ♪
[knocking on door]
- Hi.
If you could please have a seat.
I just wanted to ask you
a few more questions
about last night if I could.
Am I a suspect here?
I'm just trying to get a clear
picture of what happened.
- OK.
- Last night.
you mentioned Alistair had a
drink before his performance.
Yes. he brought a bottle
of scotch with him.
Sometimes he would have a drink
after the performance.
but never before. I didn't
really know what to make of it.
Did Alistair leave
the dressing room between
the time he brought out
the bottle of scotch
and the time
he had his first sip?
No.
I left. though. when he
asked me to bring him a glass.
So. he was alone.
I assume so. yes.
Can you think of anybody
who would want to harm him?
No. No one.
Thank you for your time.
I'm sure we'll be talking again.
♪ ♪
So. how are you?
Really?
Just absorbing the news
that this is
a homicide investigation.
So while we were
sitting there watching.
a man was murdered?
That's just unbelievable.
You know. I just saw
Alistair perform
at the Magic Manor
benefit at the Matthews'
and there were well
over a hundred people there.
The killer could have been
right there with us then too.
Wait. Was Bianca there?
No. he was performing alone.
Ethel says he usually does when
he freelances at parties. Why?
I wonder
where else he performed.
Mm-mm.
I know that look.
Honey. a man is dead.
and we don't know why.
From a clinical perspective.
we know nothing
about this killer.
His mental state.
his diagnosis. his motive.
So. please.
do not get involved in this.
I know...
I know. I know. I know. I know.
Have you noticed anyone else
visiting this apartment
besides Alistair?
No. I just come in
to repair stuff.
Does this guy have some
sort of secret life?
I don't know.
You tell me.
The lock on his door
may have been picked.
it was a little loose.
[clears throat]
I'm gonna check the bedroom.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
"Meet me beyond the stars. xo"
A love note?
Could be.
But from who?
♪ ♪
So you are
Alistair's aunt. correct?
Yes. but Alistair
was more like a son to me.
You know. I gave him his first
magic set when he was a boy.
Your niece Claire
gave your address when
she identified the body.
- Does she live with you?
- No.
My niece uses my address
since she travels so much.
She's an anthropologist.
Back and forth to South America.
I'm surprised she was in town.
And after losing
her only sibling.
you would think she would
want to reach out to me.
I'm sorry.
but I have to ask this.
Was there anybody
at the Magic Manor
that would have a grudge
against your nephew?
I thought it was an accident?
Well. we're not sure
exactly what caused his death.
We're still waiting
on the autopsy reports.
We're just looking
at every angle
and one of those angles
is seeing what kind of conflicts
he had with coworkers.
- Well. there was Rocco.
- Rocco? Okay.
Um. lately Alistair kept ranting
that Rocco was threatening to
take away his headliner status
if he wouldn't give up a bigger
percentage of the ticket sales.
It was in Alistair's
contract. though.
He's the talent.
Was...
Oh. God. he was the talent.
I appreciate you coming down
and talking to me. OK?
I know. like I said earlier.
it's very difficult for you.
But if you do talk
to your niece Claire.
this is my card.
I really need
to speak with her. OK?
Yes. sir.
This trick is called
"Balls in Cups."
We start with
one. two. three empty cups.
I'm gonna take a red ball.
gonna put it in the middle cup.
I would like to get that ball
through that middle cup.
So I'm gonna put
one. two empty cups on top
and I'm gonna tap it once.
And... it's revealed
at the bottom.
Who thinks they got it?
Ah. and that's
what we call a flash.
when a magician
accidentally slips up
and shows
what's really going on.
If you botch a trick. you must.
you need to improvise
and keep going.
Alistair was a master at that
when we used
to preform together.
And that's
how we turn the lights on.
Hm. so it is.
So. listen. I was
wondering if you noticed
anything suspicious
about that night.
you know. anything
out of the ordinary?
Nothing unusual.
It was a Saturday night
- and we were sold out.
- You wouldn't mind
if I took a look at the
reservation list. would you?
- No. it's this way.
- All right. appreciate it.
Then the guy says
he wants half the door sales
on top of his appearance fee
or he'll walk.
Where does that leave me?
Where does
that leave you? Exactly.
It leaves me
running magic classes
trying to attract new members
so I can cover
the operating budgets.
We had to stay dark for a day.
but... the show must go on.
I was wondering if you could
show me your reservation list
- and also all your no-shows.
- Yeah. sure.
And where were you. actually.
an hour before curtain?
- Me?
- Yeah.
I'm all over the place.
I mean. I'm greeting guests.
I'm looking at the reservations.
- Right.
- Front of house basically
- is what I can tell you.
- Here we go.
- There you are.
- Great.
All right. appreciate your time.
I didn't realize you and
Alistair used to be partners.
I want to say I'm
so sorry for your loss.
Oh. thank you.
It was a long time ago.
Alistair started
working with someone else
to develop more
elaborate illusions.
Bianca mentioned
someone named Sinclair?
Yeah. I think
that was his name. Sinclair.
I never knew him
but Alistair. he would
bring in tricks from him.
the elaborate illusions.
So. we went our separate ways.
Tess.
See ya next time.
♪ ♪
Tess. I thought
we had an agreement.
I'm just here
for class with Cormac.
He wasn't even here that night.
This place isn't safe. OK?
I found poison on that bullet
that was in Alistair's mouth.
the one you signed
your initials on.
Wait. what
do you mean? Poison?
You've been speaking with
Bianca. Did she mention anything
about her
relationship with Alistair?
Just that they
worked together and that...
- they used to be a couple.
- Ah.
I found a picture of them
in her dressing table.
I asked her about it.
That's it.
Now we're getting somewhere.
Did she say why they broke up?
Because she didn't want
to be an assistant anymore.
She wanted to be a magician too.
like Alistair.
Sounds like that was the end
of their romantic relationship.
Wait a second... You don't
think Bianca was involved?
I do.
You know. Cormac just
told me the history
of his relationship
with Alistair if...
I mean. if you're interested.
You do have this ability
to make people confide in you.
What's your secret?
Don't you know?
A magician
never reveals their secret.
♪ ♪
[keys clacking]
Okay. I'm hooked. Sinclair.
How can I find you?
♪ ♪
"Travelling by rail
through the looking glass."
Huh.
Okay. so by rail. train. subway.
through the looking glass.
Alice in Wonderland.
The rabbit brings
you through the looking glass.
♪ ♪
"Find a good friend.
Stop just past
where the spirit catches you."
Okay. so the rabbit
takes you by rail. the subway.
red scarf turns into a hook...
red scarf. hook. Red Hook!
Red Hook.
I should take
the subway to Red Hook.
Should you? There's a bar
I like in Red Hook.
I always take the F train.
I'm trying to track down
someone that
Alistair worked with
and the contact information
- is this scavenger hunt.
- Oh. neat.
Okay. so if I'm taking a subway
through the looking glass.
where would that be?
A subway stop.
9th Street and Smith?
Okay.
Carroll Street Station?
Carroll Street.
Yes. of course!
Lewis Carroll.
Alice in Wonderland.
Okay. so I'm taking
the F train to Carroll Street.
Find a good friend.
What's that?
Find a good friend?
Someone you know in Red Hook?
Maybe it's a like a landmark
or maybe it's a street name.
Let's see. Yes.
Bowne Street.
Van Brunt Street.
Delavan...
Delavan.
Delavan is an old English
word for good friend.
♪ ♪
Vodka.
Wait... spirits!
"Stop just past
where the spirit catches you."
♪ ♪
[machinery whirring]
Hello?
♪ ♪
[gasps]
Ah!
Welcome to the world
of illusion!
Reporters are so confident
in what they see.
I like to play with perception.
Forgive me. I'll try
to be more straightforward
as an interview subject.
Oh. I'm not a reporter.
Oh. you said
you were from the Sentinel.
Yes. but I'm the crossword
puzzle editor.
I'm doing a crossword
about magic.
My deadline's approaching
and I'd really like to get
an inside view of the field.
Would you like
to give it a spin?
Uh. no. I'm... I'm good.
Mm.
Since ancient times.
audiences have loved
to feel the thrill of danger
with no consequence.
Except for Alistair.
Alistair... Yes.
Did you know him?
I'm taking classes
at the Magic Manor.
I'm sorry
to hear about his death.
So you...
you worked with Alistair?
I was trying
to help him up his game.
Did you design the trick
Alistair preformed
the night he died?
The bullet catch trick
is centuries old.
originally performed
with a magnet on the ramrod
to pull the bullet
back out of the gun.
But I taught him
an updated version
with modern materials
that I provided:
A contemporary handgun and
perfect facsimile wax bullets.
You know the police
are investigating his death.
The police?
So they think there's foul play?
Ha! Magicians
are a jealous lot.
Many people would have wanted
Alistair's headliner spot.
I would keep an eye
on whoever will have it next.
We found DNA from
our two performers on the props.
Bianca and Alistair
along with the janitor
and some other employees
from the Magic Manor.
Well. that's expected.
There was one other name.
an Ann Morrison.
But I couldn't find it
on any of the lists.
Yeah. she wasn't
on the performers list.
I didn't see her
on the reservation list.
She's obviously
not on the staff list.
Ann Morrison...
Who the heck is that?
Her prints turned up
as a part of
an investigation in Las Vegas.
A car explosion
near the Constantine Casino.
Explosion. huh?
Any deaths?
Yep. now get this:
It was a magician
and he died in the explosion.
And this Ann Morrison.
well. she was there.
♪ ♪
- Huh...
- What are you thinking?
I'm thinking Ann Morrison may
not be too fond of magicians.
[office din]
So where is
this Ann Morrison now?
After the incident in Vegas.
she dropped off the grid.
And who's the magician who died?
His stage name was Zephyr.
an escape artist.
But ultimately.
without enough evidence.
it was ruled an accident.
And now her DNA
is all over Alistair's props.
Keep looking for her. You know.
something's bugging me
about Claire McLean coming into
town after her brother died
and not even getting
in touch with her aunt.
I mean. she comes in from
the other side of the world
and she flies right back
without so much as a word?
Well. I've left her
a half a dozen messages.
And her department
at the university
says she's
in the Amazon somewhere.
They'll check in with
me next time she calls.
All right. how are
we doing on those parties
that Rocco said checked in
that night and then disappeared
when we started
talking to witnesses?
Well. mostly accounted for.
Mrs. Robbins felt ill.
Drexler had an event.
That's almost everyone
except for our good Samaritan
Dr. Cohen.
He's at a conference.
Dr. Cohen
was at a conference.
All right. find out where.
♪ ♪
So. uh. Alistair
obviously broke off
your guys' partnership. right?
How many years
were you guys together?
Seven.
It was a good run.
But I actually enjoy teaching.
Did Alistair ever feel guilty?
I mean.
he was obviously the headliner
and you're here teaching people
how to put balls in a cup.
[chuckling]
- Guilty?
- Yeah.
Alistair never thought about me.
Except when he needed something.
What did he need?
He was taking on
too many things.
He was running late.
he was doing magic tricks
on the side at parties.
Lost his key
to his own dressing room.
had to borrow mine.
He was tense.
he was out of sorts.
Now with Alistair gone.
you get to take
over his show. right?
True.
but that was never my wish.
When Alistair died.
Cormac. where were you?
Uh. I was... I was...
I was working
security at a nightclub.
- Right.
- Side job.
Showing people
how to hide balls under cups
doesn't quite pay the bills.
Mm. no. I can imagine.
Obviously I'll need
the name of that place.
♪ ♪
Hey. Tess.
Time for class?
Yes. card tricks today.
You sure got a new show
up and running fast.
I can't afford
to stay dark for long.
You know.
could damage our reputation.
And Cormac
already had a show prepped?
Well. in this business.
you gotta be
a bit of an opportunist.
All he needed was an assistant
and Bianca was available. so...
Yeah. Good luck.
♪ ♪
Bianca. hi.
Oh. Tess.
Hi.
You okay?
Yeah.
Actually. no.
A trunk was
delivered to Alistair
the night he was murdered
when we were getting ready.
I've looked everywhere for it
and I'm pretty sure
the police didn't take it.
Did you tell Logan about it?
I mean. so much
was happening that night.
I completely forgot
it was even here.
I just remembered now
when I was looking for costumes.
Well. what does it look like?
It's like
a steamer trunk about...
four feet long.
Well. something that big
is kind of hard to misplace.
Yeah. Alistair said it was
something he'd been working on.
Huh. maybe it was
an illusion from Sinclair.
I assume so.
but he didn't actually say.
Did Alistair win
some kind of magic award?
No. That was
a ballroom dancing award.
He took it up
a couple years ago.
practiced every Sunday night.
And were you his partner
for that as well?
No. he had someone else.
Oh. who was that?
I don't know her name.
Did Alistair
ever talk about her?
No. not to me.
Anyway. I should probably get
ready for tonight's performance.
Cormac's big debut.
Yeah. it's lucky
you were able to jump in.
I mean.
it's good to keep working.
But to be honest. I don't
really know him that well
and the sword cabinet requires
trust and communication.
It's just not the same
as it was with Alistair.
Hey. the sword cabinet trick.
that sounds really dangerous.
It is.
Which is why we have these.
[clicking]
They release when
you bang them together.
But... magician's secret.
I won't tell.
Listen. if anything
feels funny to you.
like the trunk. please call me.
Okay.
Good luck.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
[Logan] Great. thank you.
- Hey. hey. woah!
- Sorry! Oh. Logan. Hey.
Hey. is this a part
of your magic class?
Hold on a sec.
Gotta make sure
you didn't steal my wallet.
Are you here to see me?
Um. actually no.
I was here to see Reed.
He called earlier
and he has some clippings
from the archives
on the Magic Manor for me.
Well. I am glad you're here
because I wanted to tell you
that. um. before my magic class.
I ran into Bianca.
Really?
Tess...
Logan. come on.
Just listen please.
Okay. I'm listening.
She was looking for a trunk
that she said was delivered
to Alistair before the show
the night he was killed.
- A trunk?
- Yeah.
She didn't mention
anything to me about a trunk.
She had a lot on her mind.
She was in shock.
Well. I never saw it on
the evidence list. so. sorry.
Right. but it's kind of
a big thing to just go missing.
And also information
from our prime suspect
is not always the most reliable.
So she is your prime suspect.
I'm telling you
she didn't do it.
Tess. you're doing it again.
You're turning the tables.
What? Because I gave you
valuable information?
Okay. fine. you're right.
She's our prime suspect.
You wanna know why?
Because she had access
to Alistair's dressing room.
Scotch bottle.
the glass. the props.
the whole nine yards.
Not to mention
she wants to be a headliner.
And look at her. she's
relegated to assistant status.
Of course Bianca
wants to be a headliner.
Every magician wants to be
a headliner. including Cormac.
So why didn't she mention
anything about her and Alistair
being an item when I asked
about their relationship?
She told me.
Maybe one of us is.
I dunno. easier to talk to.
Maybe it's because you
saw the four of them together.
I'm just. you know.
just looking at the facts.
No. I think you're looking at
what someone wants you to see.
Okay. all right. fine.
I will look at the security
footage and see if I see a trunk
being delivered
that night to the Magic Manor.
- You satisfied?
- Yeah.
Okay. great.
Just... I mean.
let me know if you see anything.
Or... Or. you know.
we'll just catch up whenever.
[Logan] Stop right there.
Rewind that.
That's the trunk.
Looks like the guy's heading
to the service entrance.
- isn't he?
- Let me pull the footage.
I guess Bianca
was telling the truth. right?
At least to Tess.
Got it.
[Logan] He's trying
to hide his face obviously.
Well. it's certainly working.
All right. there's only two
entry and exit points
in the manor.
Let's see if this guy
and his trunk exits
the building. okay? Thanks.
Hey. wait. hold on.
I wanted to show you something.
Tech billionaire Paul Drexler.
He was one of the people
who slipped out
before we had
a chance to talk to him.
Now. his assistant
said he had another event
go to but we'll see.
What's the timestamp say?
9:55...
Okay. we stopped
the show at 9:30.
started taking statements at 9:40. right?
[Winston] Yeah.
Obviously he left the theatre
but he didn't leave the manor.
so what was he
doing for ten minutes?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
Hello? Cormac?
[glass shattering]
♪ ♪
[man]
Five minutes to places. people!
♪ ♪
[phone buzzing]
Wait. can you proofread this
for me please?
Your bracelet.
The one Logan gave you.
Yeah. sorry.
The clasp is loose.
I need to get it fixed.
[office din]
Hey. it's Bianca.
You said to reach out
if anything strange happened.
and I swear someone was sneaking around the dressing room.
Or maybe I'm really losing it.
But if you're coming
to the show tonight.
could you meet me in my
dressing room at intermission?
[phone buzzing]
Good evening.
ladies and gentlemen
and welcome
to the sword cabinet.
Are we all ready
to be entertained tonight?
[applause]
If you would be so kind.
please give a warm welcome
to my very brave assistant.
Bianca.
[applause]
Rocco?
We will be starting
tonight's performance
by putting Bianca
inside this box.
♪ ♪
However. Bianca will not be able
to move once inside the box.
The first sword.
ladies and gentlemen.
I will be putting
straight through this box.
The second sword I will also
be putting through this box
but on the other side.
The final sword.
ladies and gentlemen...
...goes straight
through the heart.
Stop!
[Bianca] No. please.
Cormac. please stop!
Don't stab!
Can anybody hear me please?
Cormac! No. no!
♪ ♪
You're gonna have to come
down to the station with us.
I swear I had no idea
that the cuffs didn't release.
Bianca said she was banging
those cuffs inside this box.
No. I had arranged
for drums at that very moment.
It covers up
the talking of the props.
It drowns out any noise
that could give away
the mechanism of the trick.
Or any noise to tell
everybody what's happening
to your assistant. am I right?
If I wanted to kill Bianca.
I assure you that I could
come up with a more clever way
than onstage where
I'm clearly implicated.
Well. at least we agree
on that much. don't we. Bill?
Cuff him.
What? What?
No. no. no. no.
You got it all wrong.
I didn't do this!
Can you think of
any reason that Cormac
would want to harm you?
No. it doesn't make sense.
I don't know.
Maybe he's not
who I thought he was.
Let's go back
to what you said earlier
about what you heard
in your dressing room.
- Yeah. there was footsteps.
- Okay.
They sounded different.
Lighter. sharper.
High heels. maybe?
Mm.
♪ ♪
[Tess]: I can hardly focus.
I can't stop
thinking about last night.
Why would Cormac
want to kill Bianca?
I don't know.
I'm just regretting donating
to the Manor at this point.
Especially now after poor Ethel.
What do you mean?
What happened with Ethel?
She called me yesterday
and she said she had something
incredibly valuable stolen.
An antique Victorian snuff box.
She thinks it was taken
during the gala benefit.
- Really?
- Reed.
- Hi.
Hi. You remember
my Aunt Candace. right?
Of course!
Nice to see you.
Reed's doing a story
about Alistair's murder.
Do you think the missing
snuff box could be connected
to what's going on at the Manor?
Maybe. People who go
into magic love the feeling
of pulling something
over on the audience.
If that extends
into psychopathy.
that could lead
to criminal behavior.
That's great.
Thanks. Candace.
You said Bianca wasn't with
Alistair at the gala. right?
That he performed alone?
But he did come with someone.
a blonde woman.
Tall. beautifully dressed.
I never got her name.
Could get me
the guest list for me?
- And why?
- For Reed's story.
That's be great.
- Oh. yes. Reed's story.
- It's for the story.
Paul Drexler?
Detective O'Connor. NYPD.
If it's about the SEC case.
talk to my lawyer.
Actually. no.
It's about Alistair McLean.
You seem to have
vanished pretty quickly
and we weren't able
to ask you any questions.
My security team got concerned.
Do you always
walk around with security?
It comes with the territory.
So when the lights went out.
did you immediately
leave the premises?
Yes. we did.
No. actually.
we waited for the car out front
and it took
a while to get there.
So you just waited
around for your driver?
Good help is hard to find.
Are we done?
No. we're not done.
I was wondering if you could
tell me a couple of things about
this Jade bowl you
reported stolen at your party?
It was a fundraiser
and why don't you tell me?
- Got any information on that?
- No. I'm in homicide.
That's with Grand Larceny.
I'm sure
they're looking into it.
I'm sure they are.
I'll have them reach out.
Great.
Have a good day. officer.
[laughter]
I know.
Good to see you.
Let me guess.
You came in here.
you had to pay a jaywalking
ticket and got lost.
Mm. Oh. did you know that
the meaning of "jay"
in jaywalking is drawn
from the early 20th century
definition of the word
meaning "greenhorn or rube"?
Mm. well I'm in homicide
not traffic control.
Of course. Speaking of.
my aunt just told me her friend
Ethel Matthews had an antique
stolen the night of her party.
Alistair was
performing that night.
So. what.
you think Alistair's a thief?
Well. I just
have learned in my magic class
that magicians have a way
of directing the audience's
attention either towards
or away from certain things.
- Mm.
- So. I'm saying
maybe Alistair distracted
the audience
while his associate
stole the antique snuff box.
And by "associate".
you mean Bianca?
Yes. it's what
magicians call misdirection.
No touch. okay? I got this
for my first year of service.
My point is Alistair
has a plus one on this list.
And my aunt said he had
a beautiful blonde with him.
So? Bianca said he
was seeing someone.
I know.
But she just didn't know who.
What's this?
"Meet me beyond the stars."
A love letter?
You think this is from Bianca?
We thought it was from Bianca
but the handwriting
doesn't match.
So maybe it's this other woman.
the dance partner?
But we just
don't know who that is.
Wait a second. Ann Morrison?
I think I recognize her.
You recognize Ann Morrison?
Tess. she's from Indiana.
People there said
they haven't seen her
or heard from her in years.
Her DNA's
all over Alistair's props.
Wait. this is Sinclair!
I mean.
She doesn't look at all like
that anymore. but that's her.
- Are you sure?
- Yes. I'm positive.
You're positive?
Have you seen or met Sinclair?
I... I... You know.
just for some research.
Mm. research. right.
Mm-hm.
She's really hard to find.
I'll text you the address.
Good chat.
- Bye.
NYPD. I just wanted
to ask you a few questions.
[Ann clears throat]
Sinclair.
Or should I say Ann Morrison.
It's not against the law
to change your name.
No. No. it's not.
Ann never suited me.
Too plain for an illusionist.
Yet we have no record
of a filing of change of name.
Sinclair is a trade name.
Didn't have anything
to do with the death
of the magician known
as Zephyr in Las Vegas. did it?
He died after leaving
a carload of flash powder
in the hot sun.
The temperature
on the strip was 113 that day.
He was driving.
the flash powder ignited.
End of story.
And then there
was the disappearance
of Ann Morrison.
Zephyr's death is what
inspired me
to make my life my magic.
You only get one.
You should be
who you want to be.
And Alistair's death.
was that an accident?
You tell me.
I had nothing to do with it.
Oh. come on.
You're the one who coached him
on how to perform the tricks.
sent him all of his props.
He had everything
he needed for the trick
weeks before he performed.
And you can't blame a teacher
for the error of a student.
- Can you?
- And Bianca?
Her attempted murder?
- Who would want to kill Bianca?
- Where were you Friday night?
On a boat on the East River.
- I'm serious.
- And so am I.
I was researching
a new illusion.
Okay. what about the trunk
you sent over when Alistair
was performing in his show
and trying his new trick?
What trunk?
I never sent a trunk.
Here's the list
of ballroom dancing studios
you asked for.
Thank you so much.
Okay. The Crystal Dancefloor.
That sounds promising.
Okay.
[man] Uptown Dance.
how may I help you?
Hi. I'm trying to find a woman
who may have practiced
there Sunday nights.
[man] Well.
we're closed on Sundays.
Oh. well. thank you.
All right.
The Galaxy Social Club.
Beyond the Stars.
Galaxy.
That's gotta be it.
Hey. are you free right now?
I got something for you.
Tess. no.
I've got a murder
and an attempted murder
to solve.
What if I told you
it's about the case?
What if I take
you beyond the stars?
Are you saying
you know who wrote that note?
I'll tell you on one condition.
[tango music]
I recognize that
plein air reproduction
from a picture Bianca
showed me of Alistair.
Of course you do.
We should try to blend in?
- Okay.
- [woman] No wallflowers!
Everyone has to dance.
those are the rules!
- Okay.
- You heard them.
- I heard them loud and clear.
This is definitely not
part of my job description.
♪ ♪
Um...
you know how to tango?
You know what
they say about the tango.
What? It takes two?
Just follow my lead.
I'm not really
a natural follower...
So it seems.
Please explain.
Well. you're an only child.
probably class valedictorian.
a little Napoleon complex?
Okay. no.
not my ability to follow!
Your ability to ballroom dance.
Well. my mother said
it'd always be good
to know
a little ballroom dancing.
You know what?
She's absolutely right.
♪ ♪
- Wait. look.
- I'm looking.
♪ ♪
It's Alistair.
Oh. yeah. Bingo!
That's the woman
in the gold dress
that I saw that night at the
Manor when he was murdered.
"Alistair McLean. Julia Marquez".
Oh. hey.
- Zippy tango! Hi.
- Hi.
I'm Tamara.
I run this studio.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hello.
Oh. Did you know Alistair?
From the Magic Manor.
It's so sad
what happened to him.
So sad.
Poor Julia.
She must be just devastated.
She's very stoic.
Have you seen her
around here lately?
Every day.
She lives upstairs.
- Oh. really?
- Excuse me.
She lives upstairs.
Mm-hm.
What are you doing?
Just this once. take my lead.
Tess!
♪ ♪
[woman]
Yes. we'll leave from there.
Tomorrow at 10pm.
Be packed.
Julia?
Hi. Tamara asked us
to stop by and drop off these
earrings you left at the studio.
Oh... Those aren't mine.
Oh. really?
Oh. she was so sure.
That's funny.
We were so sorry
to hear about your partner.
Thank you.
I take classes
at the Magic Manor.
I met Alistair.
We were actually there
the night it happened.
It was just. just awful.
You weren't there. were you?
No. No. I was at a competition
that night across town.
I've actually never seen
one of Alistair's magic shows.
We were just dancing partners.
No more.
Well. you made a great team.
How did you learn
about the Galaxy Social Club?
Did Alistair tell you?
No. Bianca told me.
Oh. I see.
Well. if you'll excuse me.
I have work to do.
No. of course.
Sorry to have bothered you.
- Thanks.
- Good night.
You can hide the evidence. Pop.
but I can smell
that fresh Danish from here.
- The last one. I promise.
- Oh. yeah. I'm sure it is.
Okay. what's up?
Well. I've been
doing a little research
and you know Julia Marquez.
Alistair's dancing partner?
- She's married.
- So?
So. Bianca said there might
have been something going on
between her and Alistair.
Maybe.
as the old expression goes.
she was stepping out on
her husband with the magician?
It's possible.
But I got one better.
She's a pharmacist.
So she would have
total access to Tetrodotoxin.
Why would she poison Alistair
if she was having an affair
with him?
Well. I don't know. Maybe her
husband found out
about the affair and he was
seeking revenge?
What. is he a pharmacist too?
No. He worked
at some Box N' Ship place.
He lost his job
about four months ago.
Oh. Box 'n Ship.
that reminds me.
The trunk that was last
seen entering the Magic Manor
is now officially MIA.
How is that possible?
All the Magic Manor
security cam footage
was thoroughly viewed
and no trunk was seen
exiting the building.
But there's also
no evidence of any trunk
actually being in
the building either. so... Poof!
Things don't
just disappear. Dad.
If you build a place
called the Magic Manor.
- perhaps they do.
- Maybe.
I don't know. I just feel like
we're missing something.
[soupir]
Blueprints?
All right.
everyone. great work today.
Great concentration.
When you go home.
I want you
to practice your palming.
Next time. we are
gonna learn the French drop.
Can I ask you something about
the night Alistair was murdered?
You know. I went through most
of this with your friend. Logan.
It's just that.
I thought I saw someone
in the upstairs hallway.
a woman in a gold dress.
A gold dress?
I don't think I remember that.
No. I saw her.
I definitely saw her
and then it was as if
she just... vanished.
We all must remember the words
of the great Harry Houdini:
"What the eyes see
and the ear hears.
the mind...
the mind believes".
But nothing ever
actually vanishes.
That would break
the laws of physics.
But don't tell the audience
because then
we'd be out of business.
♪ ♪
Do you remember there being
a basement at the Magic Manor?
- No.
- Because these
are the original
blueprints from 1921
and they show a basement
with a closet
the end of a very long
hallway here.
both on the first
and second floors.
And these plans filed
with the fire marshal
ten years ago show the same
original overall dimensions.
but with no basement.
no closets.
and this hallway
leading to nowhere.
It looks like
roughly a six foot difference.
Yeah. right there.
I think we're missing
six feet somewhere. boys.
♪ ♪
[loud knocking]
What the eyes see
and the ears hear...
[knocking]
...the mind believes.
♪ ♪
[screaming]
He's got a gun!
[Logan] Drop your weapon!
NYPD!
♪ ♪
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Who was that guy?
I have no idea.
but look what he left behind.
[Logan]: It's the trunk.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
So I've been talking
to a captain
over in the Central Robbery Division.
Apparently Alistair
performed at another party
where something was stolen.
Are you kidding me?
They're investigating
a pattern of thefts
at parties in the city.
The week before your birthday
the tech billionaire
Paul Drexler
had a party for his 40th.
He had a mariachi band.
and fireworks and...
the Amazing Alistair.
Alistair was there?
Yeah. right?
My last birthday party
was in an office kitchen
with a shared cake
for all April birthdays.
But then again.
no one ever stole
a Qing Dynasty
jade bowl at my party.
Wait. somebody stole
a Qing Dynasty bowl
- from Drexler?
- Correct.
That's a 17th century piece.
it's worth a fortune.
You'd think that'd
be pretty hard to sell
without attracting attention.
Actually. I tracked
it to an antiques dealer
who's got his own
way of doing business.
I did a story
on black market antiques.
It's pretty killer.
♪ ♪
You're looking
for Qing Dynasty jade?
You're a week late.
I just sold a beautiful bowl.
In fact.
if it hadn't had a chip.
it probably would've
fetched over a million.
I was actually looking
for a particular thing.
for my friend Paul Drexler.
Paul Drexler. now that's
a good friend to have.
Yeah. it was stolen from him.
Well. you should
go talk to the police.
Yeah. I think
that's a great idea.
What a coincidence
finding you here.
Don't tell me.
You're also looking
- for a Qing Dynasty jade bowl.
- Also?
Yeah. you know.
my aunt. she collects them.
And your friend Paul Drexler?
I've never met
so many people interested
in one chipped jade bowl.
I know. right? It's crazy.
You're friends
- with Paul Drexler?
- Yeah. can you believe it?
[Logan] No. can you?
How did you meet him?
Okay. I told you
Reed's doing a story on him.
Wait. a reporter?
That's the last thing I need.
I think this might be
the last thing you need. pal.
Look. man. I had no idea
the bowl was stolen. okay?
It came with a certificate
of authenticity and everything.
Is that right?
You recognize this guy?
No. never seen this guy.
Who sold you the bowl?
Big guy. Bald. ballcap.
Was he wearing a skull ring?
Yeah. he was.
We'll be in touch.
♪ ♪
Ah. so you do think
Alistair is stealing things.
Could be.
Drexler thought so too.
which is probably
why he went to the show.
Yeah. maybe he was the one
that ransacked Bianca's room.
♪ ♪
Can you zoom in on his hand?
That's the guy.
Also. Tess.
Cormac's alibi checked out
the night of Alistair's murder.
Yeah. I spoke to the
manager at the Peregrine Club
and verified that he
was working the door that night.
[phone ringing]
- It's Dr. Cohens.
- Hey. Tess. Come here.
Also turns out
that Julia Marquez
was telling the truth
about the dance championship.
Her and her old friend
came in second place.
Hm. I dunno.
She still seemed uneasy
when we showed up at the door.
And she looked like she was
definitely about to leave town.
I just got
off the phone with Dr. Cohens.
Okay. what's up?
He was in Seattle
the night Alistair was murdered.
You're saying that the doctor
that was onstage at the Manor
was not Dr. Cohen?
What do you mean?
Here's the results
on the Harrison case.
Oh. the victim's sister
is a suspect now?
She came to ID the body.
Seemed like a nice lady.
- What?
- Are you sure?
- That's not Claire McLean.
- This is Julia Marquez.
this is Alistair's
dancing partner.
This is the woman
you saw identify the body?
I'm telling you that's her.
♪ ♪
Yeah.
that's not Alistair McLean.
The body of the Amazing Alistair
isn't even Alistair?
Well. that's
the best magic trick ever.
Got the dental records
back on our John Doe.
He's been identified
as a Scott Harrington.
Yeah.
that's Julia Marquez's husband.
Okay. so Julia Marquez
poses as Alistair's sister.
and then identifies
the body of her dead husband
as Alistair McLean.
Doesn't anyone check ID
in the coroner's office?
They actually don't.
but in their defense
I'd say that this is
an unusual situation.
The clerk contacted his
emergency contact information
in his employee records
and supposedly
it was his sister.
Okay.
and that took some planning.
Dad. I need a favour.
I need a warrant so I can check
Julia Marquez's residence
and get her cell phone logs.
You got it.
I have a judge owes me a favor.
Thanks. Dad.
[knocking]
Come in.
Hi. I'm so glad you're here.
Listen. I don't
want to scare you. but.
I think you
should maybe head home.
At least until tomorrow.
We think Alistair
is still alive.
And if he's still alive.
he may have been the one
who tampered with
your sword cabinet trick.
Why would Alistair
do something like that?
Listen. we don't
have the answers.
but just until we find Alistair.
I just want you to be safe.
Do you have a friend
or someone you can stay with?
Yeah...
And if there's anything
you can tell me or Logan
that may help us figure
out where Alistair may be.
Yeah.
I should have
probably told you earlier
but I didn't wanna
look obsessive.
You can trust me.
One night. when we were dating.
I followed Alistair.
I wanted to see
if he was seeing someone else.
I followed him down this
alleyway in the Bowery.
it was right behind a...
a pharmacy.
He met a woman.
I didn't really see her face.
But. it could
have been his dance partner.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Woah!
- Hi.
You're too late.
She's already left.
Oh. actually. um.
I have a warrant here
to search her apartment.
Oh... NYPD?
You are multi-talented.
When was the last time
you saw Julia?
She gave notice yesterday.
then she just left.
Any mention where she was going?
Nope.
No forwarding address.
She just drove off
in a rental car
and left all this stuff.
When was the last time
you saw her husband?
- Scott?
- Yeah.
I haven't seen him
since the fight.
- The fight?
- Oh. yes.
Doors slamming. things breaking.
I mean.
I was not trying to eavesdrop
but I live right next door.
These old buildings.
the walls are paper thin.
Oh. yes. I can imagine.
♪ ♪
What is it?
It's the missing piece.
Oh?
[door squeaking]
Tess.
[screams]
Rocco. it's just you.
Not my ideal greeting.
but I'll take it.
Can I give this to you
for Logan?
He should be here soon
but I really got to run.
Yeah. sure.
What's it for?
You need it to operate
the trap door on the stage.
We haven't used it in years.
Thought that thing was lost.
but then it showed up
in my desk drawer.
The cleaning crew's gonna be by
in a little while to lock up.
- No problem.
- Thanks.
♪ ♪
[clattering]
Tess?
Logan!
Logan. is that you?
Yeah. hey.
What are you doing?
- Why didn't you call me?
- Rocco gave me the key.
I know. you left the door open.
Look at this place.
Listen. I got news.
I gotta tell you something.
Listen.
you know that jade bowl
that was stolen
from Paul Drexler?
Of course.
I found the missing chip
at Julia's Marquez's apartment.
Look at this place.
This wasn't part
of the original blueprints.
No. it's a trap room.
Like at the Globe Theater.
I've never seen
anything like it.
They created these
secret passageways
and all these rooms
when they built the Manor.
- Wait. look at this.
- What?
- It's a gurney.
- Yeah.
Okay. hold on a second.
So when the lights went out.
Alistair would have been
on that gurney
when he went
through the trap door
and came down this ramp.
And they would have
switched his body
with Julia Marquez's husband.
who was already dead.
Do you think that
Julia's husband's body
was in the trunk that was
delivered to the dressing room
and then brought down here?
We never saw the delivery man
exit the building
on the security footage.
Why? Because he was here
with the trunk.
So. Julia must have been the one
who flipped the house lights
and released the trap door.
That would mean
when the lights went on.
Julia Marquez's husband
was up there onstage
under that drape.
dressed as Alistair.
Julia must have
hidden somewhere.
she must have waited
to make sure the EMTs
took her husband's body
to the morgue.
Which is why she then
used the hidden ladder
to get to the tunnel.
And that's why she's
not on the security footage.
Exactly.
[rattling]
[footsteps]
Okay. we gotta get out of here.
There's gotta be some way
to get the trunk out of here.
It's gotta be this door.
Oh. come on.
♪ ♪
Winston. it's me.
Listen. I need two units
at the Manor ASAP. okay?
Yeah. now!
Wait. Logan. look at this.
What do you got?
It's the tracks from
where they whittled the trunk.
[man] Yeah.
they're both down there.
I'm gonna take care of it.
We gotta move this.
♪ ♪
What are you doing?
The portal. that's gotta be it.
♪ ♪
Come on. Okay.
Hold my hand. hold my hand.
- Okay.
- Come on.
Come on. you all right?
Yeah.
[phone buzzing]
Oh. it's Winston.
Said Julia Marquez's
cellphone logs just came in.
Her last call was
someone in the Bowery.
- I have an idea.
- What?
Come on. let's go.
♪ ♪
Hi. Waiting for someone?
In we go. There you go.
[Siren bleating]
Just go! Go! Go! Go!
Back from the dead. huh?
Gotta tell you. Alistair.
that's the best trick
I've ever seen.
Might wanna use zip ties.
brother.
Let's go.
It's your last trick. my friend.
♪ ♪
Okay.
Ready when you are.
State your name.
Jeff Grazier.
And how did you meet
Alistair McLean
and Julia Marquez?
Julia's my cousin.
She and Alistair wanted me
to help them with a magic trick
and a couple of other things.
And when did you
first meet Alistair?
He came into the dance studio
two years ago.
Tamara paired us
for the Viennese Waltz.
And how long had the both you
been romantically involved?
About a year.
Until. of course. your husband
found out about it. right?
Scott was violently angry.
How long you been
stealing things at parties?
You think I've
been stealing things?
Things would go
a whole lot easier. Alastair.
if you work with me. I promise.
It's hard to make
a living as a magician.
I mean. you would think
that people would pay top dollar
to be amazed.
Look. what you do
isn't so different.
Really?
A smoking gun. mirrors.
Well. the difference. Alistair.
is that I rely on facts...
That's the difference.
♪ ♪
Knock. Knock.
Oh! You came.
Of course. I wouldn't
miss it for the world.
- Congrats.
- Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey. I wanted you to know
it was your tip
that ultimately led Logan
to Alistair and Julia.
And they're for sure
in custody now. right?
Yes. I can assure you
the locks in the prison
are very real.
Thank you.
Hey. break a leg.
You're gonna be great.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[applause]
I was hoping maybe
it would be you up on stage.
No. I could never.
She's amazing.
Now. let me ask you a question.
Why do you think we love
to see things disappear
and then reappear?
To feel that sense of loss.
and then joy at reappearance?
You see.
we miss the things that vanish.
[gasping]
And we treasure them
even more when they return.
[applause]
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Hey!
Here it is.
"Puzzle Editor Helps Cracks Case."
That doesn't surprise me
that Reed
- put you in the headline?
- Jealous?
He's right.
I couldn't have found Alistair
and Julia without your help.
It was a pretty good trick
they pulled off.
One that now ends
with them disappearing
behind prison walls
for a very. very long time.
I mean. murder. attempted
murder. grand larceny.
Well I know one thing.
that I will not forget.
Would that be to leave
a homicide investigation
to the NYPD?
No.
That you. Detective. can tango.
Oh. yeah. sure.
A little bit.
[chuckling]
You know what though?
You just need a tuxedo.
And a partner.
And this.
Are you kidding me?
How'd you... Give me that.
How long am I gonna have to
watch over you. huh?
I dunno. Just long enough
to make a late night diner stop.
Sounds great.
Yeah.
What are you feeling like?
Pizza?
- Burger and fries.
- Really?
- All of it?
- What's your burger place?
- Do you have a place?
- No.
♪ ♪